TF-14885 Add default-project relationship to organization API docs (#683)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/organizations.mdx

| `data.attributes.default-execution-mode`                                  | string  | `remote` | Which [execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode) to use by default. Valid values are `remote`, `local`, and `agent`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `data.relationships.default-agent-pool.data.id`                           | string  |          | Required when `default-execution-mode` is set to `agent`. The ID of the agent pool belonging to the organization. Do _not_ specify this value if you set `execution-mode` to `remote` or `local`.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `data.relationships.default-project.data.id`                              | string  |          | Specifies the ID of the default project. If set to `null`, Terraform removes the organization's default project. If omitted, Terraform doesn't change the organization's default project. You must have [owner permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners) to update the default project.                                        |

Author: @trujillo-adam 👋🏽 I updated the `data.relationships.default-project.data.id` description, what do you think?

Reviewer: > @trujillo-adam 👋🏽 I updated the `data.relationships.default-project.data.id` description, what do you think?

Would it still accurate to say that the parameter defaults to to the existing ID if omitted? Maybe "If omitted, Terraform defaults to the existing organization ID."

To me, it is a little awkward to describe what does not happen when you don't set the parameter--sort of like saying that if you don't move, you'll stay in one place. The other bit of feedback is that if we keep this wording fully spell out "does not" instead of using the contraction, which is a style guide violation.

Author: The ID is the default project ID so it would have to say something like:

"If omitted, Terraform defaults to the existing default project ID."

The most important thing we need to note here is that if they set the relationship to `null`, it removes the default project. I'm flexible on whether we need to state what happens if it's omitted.

| `data.attributes.session-remember`                                        | integer | 20160     | Session expiration (minutes)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `data.attributes.collaborator-auth-policy`                                | string  | password  | Authentication policy (`password` or `two_factor_mandatory`)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `data.attributes.cost-estimation-enabled`                                 | boolean | false     | Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, you must also enable cost estimation in [Site Administration](/terraform/enterprise/admin/application/integration#cost-estimation-integration).                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.cost-estimation-enabled`                                 | boolean | `false`     | Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, you must also enable cost estimation in the [site administration settings](/terraform/enterprise/admin/application/integration#cost-estimation-integration).                                                                                          |
```

| `data.attributes.send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` | boolean | false     | Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting is always false and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration. |

> | `data.attributes.aggregated-commit-status-enabled`                        | boolean | true      | Whether or not to aggregate VCS status updates for triggered workspaces. This is useful for monorepo projects with configuration spanning many workspaces. Defaults to `true`. You cannot use this option if `send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` is set to `true`.                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.aggregated-commit-status-enabled`                        | boolean | `true`      | Whether or not to aggregate VCS status updates for triggered workspaces. This is useful for monorepo projects with configuration spanning many workspaces. Defaults to `true`. You cannot use this option if `send-passing-statuses-for-untriggered-speculative-plans` is set to `true`.                                                                                           |
```

> | `data.attributes.owners-team-saml-role-id`                                | string  | (nothing) | **Optional.** **SAML only** The name of the ["owners" team](/terraform/enterprise/saml/team-membership#managing-membership-of-the-owners-team)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.owners-team-saml-role-id`                                | string  | none | Optional. SAML only. The name of the ["owners" team](/terraform/enterprise/saml/team-membership#managing-membership-of-the-owners-team)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
Per the style guide, only use bold for interactive UI elements. Also, only use parentheses when required as part of a code sample.

> | `data.attributes.assessments-enforced`                                    | boolean | false     | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all eligible workspaces. When true, health assessments occur on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When false, health assessments only occur for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.assessments-enforced`                                    | boolean | `false`     | Whether or not to compel health assessments for all eligible workspaces. When set to `true`, Terraform performs health assessments on all compatible workspaces, regardless of the value of the workspace setting `assessments-enabled`. When set to `false`, Terraform only performs health assessments for workspaces that opt in by setting `assessments-enabled: true`.                                                    |
```
Active voice

> | `data.attributes.allow-force-delete-workspaces`                           | boolean | false     | Whether workspace administrators can [delete workspaces with resources under management](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#general). If false, only organization owners may delete these workspaces.                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.allow-force-delete-workspaces`                           | boolean | `false`     | Whether workspace administrators can delete workspaces with resources under management. Refer to the [general organization settings documentation](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#general) for additional information. When set to `false, only organization owners may delete these workspaces.                                                                                                                                                   |
```
Additional context about where the link takes users.

> | `data.attributes.default-execution-mode`                                  | boolean | `remote`  | Which [execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode) to use by default. Valid values are `remote`, `local`, and `agent`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: I know this isn't related to your changes, but here's another small correction:

```suggestion
| `data.attributes.default-execution-mode`                                  | string | `remote`  | Which [execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode) to use by default. Valid values are `remote`, `local`, and `agent`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| `data.relationships.default-agent-pool.data.id`                           | string  |           | Required when `default-execution-mode` is set to `agent`. The ID of the agent pool belonging to the organization. Do _not_ specify this value if you set `execution-mode` to `remote` or `local`.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `data.relationships.default-project.data.id`                              | string  |           | The ID of the default project. If left blank, the organization will have its default project removed. You must have [owner permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners) to update the default project.                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.default-project.data.id`                              | string  |           | Specifies the ID of the default project. If left blank, Terraform removes the organization's default project. You must have [owner permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners) to update the default project.                                                                                                                            |
```

> | `data.relationships.default-project.data.id`                              | string  |           | Specifies the ID of the default project. If left blank, Terraform removes the organization's default project. You must have [owner permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners) to update the default project.                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: Maybe something to be clarified a bit: if the relationship is omitted, then there's no change. In order to remove the default project, an explicit `null` value needs to be passed in, such as:

```
      "default-project": {
        "data": null
      },
```

Author: Ah good to know! I will update this.

      "default-agent-pool": {
        "data": null
      },

>       "default-project": {
>         "data": "prj-ckZoJwdERaWcFHwi",
>         "type": "projects"
>       },

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "default-project": {
        "data": {
          "type": "projects",
          "id": "prj-1FzpQt4EyQDEqjCU"
        }
      }
```

Author: 🤦🏽‍♀️ yup, my mistake
